Wpf documentation for 4.8 features and bug fixes (#968)
Microsoft/dotnet: Documentation/compatibility/wpf-grid-row-size-allocation-with-collapsed-element.md

## Improvements to Grid star-rows space allocating algorithm

### Scope
Major

### Version Introduced
4.8

### Source Analyzer Status
NotPlanned

### Change Description

> Fixed a bug in the [algorithm](wpf-grid-allocation-of-space-to-star-columns.md) for allocating sizes to *-rows in a [Grid](xref:System.Windows.Controls.Grid) introduced in .NET Framework 4.7.  In some cases (e.g. Grid with Height="Auto" containing empty rows), rows were arranged at the wrong position, possibly outside the Grid altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug in the [algorithm for allocating sizes to \*-rows](wpf-grid-allocation-of-space-to-star-columns.md) in a <xref:System.Windows.Controls.Grid> introduced in .NET Framework 4.7.  In some cases, such as a Grid with `Height="Auto"` containing empty rows, rows were arranged at the wrong position, possibly outside the Grid altogether.
```
